Introduction:
---
You've been backpacking with your friend Zack in the Wind River Mountain Range in Wyoming. You've been out here for a month and it's been 
great. But when you return to civilization, you find that no one is there, the world seems empty somehow. You're both in shock as you survey 
the abandoned cars and destroyed buildings in the small Wyoming town where you had planned to resupply. It looks like it's just the 
two of you, and you know you have to figure out what happened to the rest of the world while you were away.
---
Zack is a mechanic and has a lot of practical skills, so you know he'll be a valuable asset. You've always been the more resourceful 
one, good at finding supplies and improvising solutions to problems. You decide to head to the local gas station to see if you can find 
any fuel that might be useful.
---
As you're rummaging through the shelves, you hear a noise outside. Zack grabs a can of motor oil and gestures for you to follow him as 
he creeps towards the window. You peer out to see a group of strange looking people shuffling down the street. They're covered in dirt and blood, 
their skin pale and slack. You feel like you should see if they need help, but something just doesn't seem right...
---
Zack whispers that he's seen a sporting goods store a few blocks away that might have some weapons or other useful items. You nod and 
follow him out the back door, trying to stay quiet and avoid attracting the attention of the weird looking people.
---
As you sneak through the alleys and backyards, you can't help but wonder what happened. Are these people sick or something? Are they just part 
of some sort of movie production? That would explain why the town appeared to be devastated. Maybe it really was a movie set, although you 
remember passing through this town before heading up into the mountains, and everything seemed normal then. You whisper to Zack and ask him if 
he thinks you should go talk to the people, they look like they need help, but something in your gut tells you that something just isn't right.
